Add Intro to R for RNA-Seq Analysis (#535)
nih-cfde/training-and-engagement: docs/General-Tools/R-for-RNA-Seq/import.md

---
title: Import Data
---

Data can be imported using functions from `base` R (such as `read.csv()` and 

> `read.table()`) or with with functions from `readr`(such as `read_csv()` and `read_tsv()`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`read.table()`) or with functions from `readr`(such as `read_csv()` and `read_tsv()`). 
```

> There are subtle differences in the default behavior these function, included how they treat dashes and spaces in column names, whether headers and row names are default. For this workshop, we will use `read.csv()` and `read.table()`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are subtle differences in the default behavior these of functions, including how they treat dashes and spaces in column names, whether headers and row names are default. For this workshop, we will use `read.csv()` and `read.table()`. 
```
